Brother Su, my grandfather
The reason why
So anxious to complete the ancient prescription
In fact, it was to save my girlfriend Nian Susu
Brother Su, you are so good at art
Just save him
Ye Chen has already investigated
What does Zhang Jishi's equity plan do?
In the original book
Ye Chen not only won Nie Qingtian's admiration
And Nie Susu's affection
Also accepted Nie Susu into the harem
Let the king of the underground forces, Nie Qingtian, be the younger brother
Accelerate the amazing progress of unification
Ok let's go together
And this Nian Susu?
He doesn't just have sores.
It's not fatal either
It's because he was kind of heartless
Let's go
Hey, why is this person still here?
He should also want to read about expressing himself, right?
He's taking a taxi here, right?
He also knows about my best friend's illness
that
He came to my grandpa's shop for no reason to fill the prescription
I'm afraid there is any purpose
Wow Xiner
You're smarter than I thought.
Go and have a look.
What's your business waiting for the bus?
Hello, now notify taxis all over the city
The online car-hailing service will be suspended for a whole day from now on
What about all the losses?
I, Su Yuze
Ten times compensation